Minor: remove the 5 from HTML (#19644)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/block-level_elements/index.md

- Default formatting
  - : By default, block-level elements begin on new lines, but inline elements can start anywhere in a line.

> The distinction of block-level vs. inline elements was used in HTML specifications up to 4.01. In the HTML Living Standard, this binary distinction is replaced with a more complex set of [content categories](/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/Content_categories). While the "inline" category roughly corresponds to the category of [phrasing content](/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/Content_categories#phrasing_content), the "block-level" category doesn't directly correspond to any HTML content category, but _"block-level" and "inline" elements combined together_ correspond to the [flow content](/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/Content_categories#flow_content) in HTML. There are also additional categories, e.g. [interactive content](/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/Content_categories#interactive_content).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The distinction of block-level vs. inline elements was used in HTML specifications up to 4.01. Later, this binary distinction is replaced with a more complex set of [content categories](/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/Content_categories). While the "inline" category roughly corresponds to the category of [phrasing content](/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/Content_categories#phrasing_content), the "block-level" category doesn't directly correspond to any HTML content category, but _"block-level" and "inline" elements combined together_ correspond to the [flow content](/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/Content_categories#flow_content) in HTML. There are also additional categories, e.g. [interactive content](/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/Content_categories#interactive_content).
```
